## 1.1 Think About Time Reflection

In this assignment, I learned about the benefits of meditation, a growth mindset, small habits, and flow. Specifically, for the first time I heard about the breakdown of meditation’s benefits, which included not just increased focus and less stress but also less anxiety and more compassion. I learned about the importance of breaking things down to a micro level in order to both start with a small idea and also to build a habit by starting with a very easy small change. I read a lot about the state of flow that leads to increased productivity. It seems that some of the most important ways to get into flow are to do something you love that is the right amount of challenging, to set clear goals, and possibly to use a time management technique that will encourage brief bouts of increased focus.

Time boxing is one technique. Instead of trying to work until a large task is finished, the goal is to work for a block of time, and then evaluate what was accomplished and possibly adjust a finished product. It may be a useful technique in Phase 0 if I am ever stuck on one specific task - I will benefit more from evaluating what I have achieved but also moving on to the next tasks instead of never reaching them. Time boxing will also help improve my focus for a block of time.

Currently, while I have been taking online comp sci courses, I try to just power through as much work as I can starting very early in the morning. I get up around 6am and begin to work. When I realize I am working less efficiently, because I am running out of steam, I get up and work out or take a break. Right now, since I am not working, I may break for several hours, and then resume working in the afternoon. I also try to “eat my frogs first” and work on a big, unattractive chunk first.

I believe my current techniques are working well because I have been able to finish a lot of work for online courses working completely independently. But I do think I will add new techniques, including meditation and also time boxing especially when I am stuck. Also, most of my work has been completely solo recently, so I will need to lean on my peers and teachers when I need them for either knowledge, motivation, or break/distractions! My overall plan will incorporate some of these new ideas into what I was currently doing before. One specific change will be that I will try to begin meditating for just five minutes each day.

## 1.2 The Command Line Reflection

A shell is a command-line interface, as opposed to a graphical interface, and Bash is one type of shell and language that is the default on many Linux or OS X systems, and what we will use in DBC. The most challenging part of going through this material was trying to predict when I would use some of the features; for example, I do not know yet when I will use the env command. I also had difficulty understanding when I would use the xargs and sudo commands that were in the Next Steps section. I have heard that sudo can be coolly powerful, but I do not really know when I need to use it. However, the lessons were very straightforward and all the code worked fine. Based on what I do through the graphical interface, I imagine that I will be using mkdir, ls, cp, rm, rmdir, and mv pretty frequently to manage files and folders, which is something that I do daily.

pwd posts the working directory. ls lists the contents of the current directory. mv moves a file to another location. cd changes the directory. ../ moves up one directory. touch creates a new empty file. mkdir creates a new folder/directory. less shows a page of content of a file at a time. rmdir removes a directory. rm removes a file or folder. help shows what parameters may be used with a command.


## 1.4 Forking and Cloning Reflection

To create a repository in Github, go to the + sign in the top right of the page and click "New Repository". Choose a repository name, whether to make it public or private, and add any licenses if necessary. To fork an existing repository, click on the Fork button on the right side of the page when you are viewing a repository. You would want to fork an existing repository when you want to play around with your own version of a repo without messing around with the original. To clone the repo onto your local machine, copy the url from the right side of the repo's page under "HTTPS clone url". In your terminal, navigate to where you want the repo to go, and then type "git clone <pasted url>".

So far, installing git was easy because of the computer setup assignment pre-phase0, and the video today answered the relevant questions for beginning to use Github. No struggles yet...